Adding link for detailed instructions (#218)
lightninglabs/lightning-terminal: README.md

- Use Pool to earn sats by opening channels to those needing inbound liquidity

## Installation
Download the latest binaries from the [releases](https://github.com/lightninglabs/lightning-terminal/releases) page. 

> Additionally you find detailed instructions in the [lightning engineering docs](https://docs.lightning.engineering/lightning-network-tools/lightning-terminal/get-lit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally you find detailed instructions on the [docs.lightning.engineering](https://docs.lightning.engineering/lightning-network-tools/lightning-terminal/get-lit) page.
```

> Additionally you find detailed instructions on the [docs.lightning.engineering](https://docs.lightning.engineering/lightning-network-tools/lightning-terminal/get-lit) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can find detailed instructions on the [docs.lightning.engineering](https://docs.lightning.engineering/lightning-network-tools/lightning-terminal/get-lit) page.
```
